---
layout: post
title: The Attack - Chapter 25
---

“Attack is the proof that your enemy anticipates your success” - Mike Murdock

The second wave started shortly after. Zach's father explained how the EDA's hardline intranet network worked:

> "It was an underground fiber-optic cable network directly linking all of its drone controller outposts together, creating a Disrupter-proof communications system that the Alliance had prepared in anticipation of the invasion. It would allow the EDA to keep communications open between its command outposts, and allow drone operators to help defend other installations remotely while the Disrupter was active, via hardwired defense turrets and tethered drones."

Cruz and Diehl use ATHIDS to protect Starbase Ace on the ground. Zach's mom, Debbie, and Whoadie use WASP drones to protect Starbase Ace in the sky. Whoadie is controlling from her console in New Orleans, while Debbie was at her home in Duluth playing with her kids. 

The Aliens picked a new target for their Disrupter, the national monument at Devils Tower, Wyoming. It is apparently a location of alien visitors in an 80s movie. When the Disrupter activated all drones were disabled. Diehl and Cruz went to go hardwire the ATHIDS to an Xbox controller to keep protecting the base. Whoadie flew her prototype to Starbase Ace to help protect it. Zach gives his mom his QComm to protect her.

Like father, like son, Zach's dad flew into the drone hangar to infiltrate the base. With help from Ray and Lex, he navigated the halls without any issues. Until a bunch of ATHIDS team upon him. He got shot with a paralyzing bolt. He was able to crawl to an ATHIDS charge dock. It took all four ATHIDS to create a walking spider tank. He started to play Raid the Arcada playlist and start marching towards the Drone Operations Command Center.

The Admiral orders fire on Zach's dad, but no one obeys. He starts to shot Zach's dad himself. They started to evacuate the base. Zach's dad had the drones set up to explode. The Admiral rushes out, and then all four bombs go off, killing Zach's dad.

This bought some time for Zach to kill half the Icebreaker's fighter escort. Only two of the fighter remained when the came back online. It was Viper and Rostam. Rostam was the guy who asks for Zach's autograph earlier that day. It appears that he made it easy for Zach on purpose. Then there was two fighter left: Zach and Viper. Zach used all three ships that his father set aside to kill Viper's drone. Disobeying Viper's command, for the second time that day, he blew up the Icebreaker.