---
layout: post
title: The Fall of Moon Base Alpha - Chapter 20
---

"All good things must come to an end." — Geoffrey Chaucer

The Europan vanguard was near Mars. On the HUD, dark green triangles represent the enemy, while the white triangles represent EDA. There were a lot more green triangles than white ones. The Disrupter is in Dreadnaught, which has not been yet deployed, each has one billion drones and the ability to lose communication towards ours.

Zach's father tried to whistle the notes from the video from earlier. Nothing happened, then they opened fire on them.

After the initial shock of opening fire, Zach felt invincible, unstoppable. All the doubt he had disappeared. All his fear has left him. His purpose was:

> "Kill or be killed. Conquer or be conquered. Survive or go extinct."

Zach started to slip into the zone, the aliens acted just like the video game. The number of ships remaining was dwindling quickly. Zach was able to take out seven enemy fighters before his ship was shot down. Shortly after, the vanguard split up into two groups. One is heading for the Moon Base, and another is heading for Earth. The Disrupter is heading to Earth.

Once they made it to the Moon, they landed some of their fighters, which lead to Spider Fighters crawling out. One of them breached the hangar and self-destructed. They lost all their drone and left with only one defense, base sentry turrets. They were able to shoot some down, but they had no luck, and they too were destroyed. With only a few ATHID left and shortly destroyed, they started to evacuate.

Shin and Milo were still defending. Zach's father allows them to remain behind based on some unspoken rule among them. Zach's father opens a secret hatch. After going into the hatch, they all put on visored space helmets. They are like normal helmets, but they shrink to fit your head, right under the jawline. Each helmet had a very small amount of air.

The remaining people got into the capsule. They are shot out of the Moon. As they leave, they hear Shin and Milo say their final words. Then they heard the Thunderdome be depressurized, allowing everything to be sucked out into the black abyss.