---
layout: post
title: New Orders - Chapter 13
---

"There is no dark side of the Moon. It's all dark, really." - Pink Floyd

Zach made it to Admiral Vance's office. Zach had a glimpse of the computer screen where it showed Zach's entire life story.

The Admiral proceeded to Lecture Zack about all the drones that were destroyed. It took years and millions of dollars. He was even treated to be court-martialed in less than an hour from enlisting. Zach looked at the clock, seven hours, two minutes, and eleven seconds remaining. The entire battle of Crystal Palace had all occurred in less than an hour.

Admiral Vance gave him a warning. He also hinted that he was ```Viper```, which is the fourth place player in Armada. He called Zach son when he asked for confirmation. Zach reply that his is not the Amdiral's son. The Admiral was just speaking with Zach's father right before he came in.

It turns out that Zach's dad was alive. The EDA had to fake his death when he was recruited. He had to cut out all contact with thier family. EDA would still support the families fanacially. Zach's dad did it to protect him. Vance explained that Zach's father's call sign was ```RedJive```. The number one player in all of Armada. 

Vance gives Zach his new orders. His new location is Moon Base Alpha (MBA-LUNAR DCS). His command officer is his father, General Lightman. Vance made sure to tell Zach to tell his father that they are now even.

Zach started to head to the New Recruit Induction Center. He was handed a new EDA flight officer's uniform. It was dark blue and had his name and rank on the left side pocket right below the EDA symbol. Interesting enough, that is how Scouting BSA has their uniforms too. He was also given black tennis shoes that were Velcro with no logos.

After getting his new gear he heads towards the shuttle. He proceeds into run to Lex. She is going to Sapphire Station in Montana. The tap QComms to share phone information. She jailbroke her QComms and proceeded to do his. She is a programmer and understood how it work. They can now pull any private data stored on another device by touching it. It included Contacts, text messages, emails, music, everything. She kissed him goodbye.

Zach wonders how long it takes to get to the Moon.