---
layout: post
title: Reunion - Chapter 15
---

“The Sweetness of reunion is the joy of heaven” - Richard Paul Evans

When Zach first saw his father, they were both smiling. According to Zach, he looked just like his father. He could convince Zach that is was a future version of himself. He is thirty-seven now but appeared to be decided older. His father slowly inches towards him. His father then hugged him.

> "I’m so happy to see you, Zack,” he whispered, with a slight tremor in his voice. “And I’m sorry—so sorry for leaving you and your mother. I never imagined that I would be gone for so long."

Zach was too overwhelmed to respond. His father was scared that he has might have screwed it up. Zach quickly reassured him that he did not screw it up. His father mention his anger issues and said that Zach has the right to be mad at him. Even just mentioning the anger issue made Zach mad. Zach told him that his anger management issues came from his father's fake death.

Shortly after, his father handed him a flash drive. It contained letters from everyday that he wrote to Zach.

The new estimated time of the alien arrival is five and a half hours from the current moment from hugging his dad. 

As they were walking by, Zach saw the hanger with thousands of drones around him. This makes him question his father about how badly they are outnumbered. His father responded by explain that they are so outnumbered it's not even worth thinking about it. If you are not scared then you are an idiot. He does promise that they are not as hopeless as they seem.

Walking around the base, Zach asks if the base on design around pop culture. His father explains that the engineer "borrowed" some designs since they were in rush. Zach called it sci-fi design theft. I like the part where the cake is a lie is spray-painted on a wall because it from one my favorite games, portal.

All the base systems are automated and the maintenance is done via drones. Even the doctor was controlled by a drone. 

Zach is showed the crew quarters. He has room A7, while his father's room is A1. Zach questions the need of quarters if they are all doing to die soon. His father replied that he would be able to call his mom. Zach convince his father that he now call his wife. Zach pressured his dad into showing his room. It had one wall with images of Zach and His mom that he probably got from the internet. The other walls are bare. They abruptly leave saying that every second counts.