---
layout: post
title: The Flash Drive - Chapter 17
---

"Letters are expectation packaged in an envelope." - Shana Alexander

Zach walks to the dining hall. He was the last one to arrive, so the only open seat was between his father and Milo. It appears that Graham and Debbie have a crush on one another. Chén and Whoadie also had a crush. Zach still isn't hungry when he sees the food. 

They are informed that their QComms will active the call feature when it one hour until vanguard. That is when everyone in the World will learn about the alien invasion. 

Shin starts to talk up Zach's father to him.

> "Did you know that your old man has shot down over three hundred enemy ships? ... Your father has also been awarded the Medal of Honor three times, by three different presidents"

Graham started to talk about his wild conspiracy theories that Zach also had. Questioning why they gave humans enough time to develop their technology to match the alien's technology. Why didn't they just kill off the human race? etc. This starts up many arguments within the squad.

Zach had enough and started to walk away to cool down. He Eventually gets lost. So he uses his QComm to find his room. Once inside of his room he looks around. There are two loft beds that each had their own privacy. Each had a dresser, closet, and computer. He found his pack and made sure that his father's jacket was still in there. 

He logons on to the computer, and plugins in the flash drive he had received eariler. There were thousands of files, both text, and video. They all follow the same title format.

```txt
DearZach(six-digit numerical date)

For example:
DearZach100900.txt (October 9, 2000)
```

He read the first letter. From there he kept on reading letter after letter. Describe in detail more about PHAËTON. Explaining that he wasn't recruited earlier because he had "troubling results" just like Zach. As more time passed, his father called it Imprisonment. Only once month, EDA would send updates about Zach and his mom. 

They gave him antidepressants, tranquilizers, etc., and none of it work. They kept giving him metals, but they mean nothing to him. He just wanted to be home with his wife and kid. Zach realized, how hard life was for him was twice as hard for his father.

So Zach walked into his father's dorm. He is just seating there is a home version of Armada with his friends. Zach held up the flash drive. His father said, "I know a place we can talk in private."