---
layout: post
title: The Flying Aces - Chapter 14
---

"We don’t meet people by accident. They are meant to cross our path for a reason." - Anonymous

When Zach started to head towards the shuttle, he heard them fighting over who the RedJive was. Zach, just learning that RedJive is his father, keeps quiet about knowing the person behind RedJive. They are not in the top five, so they made fun of the top five. Zach slowly learns everyone's name. 

There is Debbie Winn. She is a school librarian. She has three teenagers. Her husband had died for years. So no one is watching her children right now. She portrays herself as a very religious person. She corrected a lot of cursing.  Her call sign is AtomicMom. She is from Minnesota. During the flight, she was praying and worrying a lot.

Milo is a big guy. He works a boring job and lives in a bad apartment. To him this a dream come true. He also explains that he has ADD. His call sign is Kushmaster5000 or KM5K since it was so long.

There is also Lila, but she goes by Whoadie, which happens to also be her call sign. She instantly recognizes Zach when he says his call sign. She explain that Whoadie is the local name for wardie since she lives in Ward.

Jiang Chén is a Chinese player, so he doesn't know much English. He has to use his QComm to talk with them. His call sign is CrazyJi.

They are told that their flight is going to take 40 minutes to reach the moon. Before taking off, they are stopped by one of the co-founds of Chaos Terrain, Finn Arbogast. He calls out Zach, saying that he hopes that the Admiral wasn't too harsh. Now everyone knew that Zach was the one to follow the glaive and blow up a large of amount of their drones. The others ask Finn if they know who RedJive is. He answers with General Lightman. So everyone looked at Zach. Then he explains the whole thing to them.

They all talk about their problems and start to form as a group. They did the hands in the middle thing. Chén yelled Sheng-lee, which appears to me victory in the context, but Google wasn't able to determine what it means in English.

As they travel around the moon, everyone is amazed. There are three craters that look like a pocket watch: Daedalus, Daedalus B, and Daedalus C. When they landed, Whoadie started to jump to see if there was less gravity, however, it appeared that they had some sort of gravity stabilizers. As Zach was leaving the ship, an officer told Zach that the general wanted to talk to him in private. Then right there, his father was waiting for him.