---
layout: post
title: The Final Cut Down - Chapter 19
---

"In the final analysis, we count for something only because of the essential that we embody. If we do not embody that, life is wasted." - Carl Jung

Zach goes back into the main room to find it to smell like burning cannabis and Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon blasting. Shin and Milo were laying down, smoking, and listening side by side. Milo tries to convince Zach that EDA made it to help improve the performance of gamers. In this timeline, it is passed in every state. When Zach asks where is everyone else, Shin implies that they are in coitus with one another. The two squad members were also giving each other looks. Zach implies that they might be gay.

```01H33M43S REMAINING```. The whole leaders appeared on every screen in the world. In this timeline, the United States president is a girl. They play the same film that Zach saw just hours ago.

After few minutes, the news reported that people are handling it well. The majority of gamers were enlisting online. PSA was also playing to encourage people to join. By the time all the leaders announce the news and few PSA having been going on, the phone feature was unlocked on their phones.

```01H00M00s REMAINING```. Everyone in the squad when into their cockpits for their private phone calls. Zach went to his father. He was recording a message to send to his wife. Zach just took his dad's QComm and call his mom on the equivalent of facetime. When Zach said that is in on the moon and had been enlisted, she yelled in anger and order him to go home. He explains that he is not alone. Then just the phone to his dad and hid behind him. She didn't believe it was him. Both of his parents started to cry, so he left to give them privacy.

As he walking toward his pod, he sees Whoadie and Chén making out in one of the pods. Then Zach goes into his pod and calls Lex. She had been promoted to Major and hacked the system to point out which drone is his and which one is her's. They proceeded to transfer playlists before the fight. They agree, if they are still alive then they are going on a date.

```0H14M49S REMAINING```. Zach gives his father the jacket that originally belonged to him. They decide that his father should keep it since it still fits and he earn the patches.

```0H05M00S REMAINING```. Zach slowly gets in his pod. Start the playlist. The Squad started to quote many movies like, "May the force be with you", etc.