---
layout: post
title: Mom - Chapter 4
---

"A mother knows what her child gone through, even if she didn’t see it herself," - Pramoedya Ananta Toer.

Zach goes home after work, and it surprised to see his mother's car in the drive. Her name is Pamela Lightman. She is a nurse who takes care of cancer patients, many of them are also terminally ill. She is a bit of a workaholic. Although she is very beautiful, she is a hardcore gamer. She would kill cyborgs, zombies, anything to protect her offspring. She had tried dating since her husband died, but it never lasts. She is still in love with him.

Zach finally explains the "the Incident". In seventh grade, Knotcher picked a fight with Zach. "Hey, Lightman! Is it true your old man was dumb enough to die in a s***-factory explosion?"

From there, Zach started to beat up Knotcher. Knotcher had to be hospitalized with a concussion, fractured jaw, and large amount of blood loss. Zach only got a two-week suspension with anger management classes.

The school counselor called his mom today saying that he missed a couple of career counseling meetings. Like most parents, she started to ask him a lot of questions about his future. Since his father's death, they were able to receive a lot of money for new housing and schooling for both of them.  She thought he was going to college to learn to make video games. Zach just doesn't know what he wants to be.

He phone blew up with messages stating that the game starts in a few mminutes. She lets him go since she knows the important of video games. As he went to his room, his mother made a comment that she says every day. "I know the future is scary at times, sweetheart. But there's just no escaping it."