---
layout: post
title: Math Class - Chapter 1
---

Math is boring, right?

Zack lives in Beaverton, Oregon, which is a real city. I didn't believe it because so many stories make up cities. He is in the middle of his Integrated Math II class. His teacher is Mr. Sayles, a soon-to-be retiree who doesn't care about what happens in the class. Luckily he has his two best friends in that class, Cruz and Diehl, both of which have the first name, Michael. However, he also has some enemies in the class. Douglas Knotcher is the class bully. There was an "Incident" in junior high that involved both of them. His ex-girlfriend is also in the same class, Ellen Adams.

In class, he sees a Sobrukia Glavie flying outside. It's one of the fighter ships on the bad guy team in his favorite video game, *Armada*. His father also started to see things like this. He was an 80s Geek but passed away. Zach drives his car, a white 1989 Dodge Omni.

After seeing the spaceship, he decided that he had to find it again. He started to pick with Knotcher. Knotcher was spitting spitballs at one of the nerds. So Zach decided to grab all the spitballs from his desk to make one big ball and drop it on his head. This got the whole class attention because of the previously unknown "Incident". Zach did admit to having anger-management issues and related history of physical violence.

He walked out of the class because of the situation and anger. The teacher assumed that it was to the office, however, he ran to his car and drove home. He was acting recklessly by he stared up looking in the sky for space ship he saw earlier.