---
layout: post
title: Debriefing - Chapter 5
comments: false
---

“War, war never changes.” ― Ron Perlman

Zach setups his new controller. It reminded him of a time where he made a spaceship cockpit with couch pillows when he was playing Star Fox on Nintendo 64 to feel realistic. 

Zach is in the 10 ten players in the game, Armada. The top five are able to paint their drones while everyone else uses gray drones. The leaderboard is:

```txt
01. RedJive
02. MaxJenius
03. Withnailed
04. Viper
05. Rostam
06. IronBeagle
07. Whoadie
08. CrazyJi
09. AtomicMom
10. Kushmaster5000
```

RedJive (The best player in the game) always sends a message when he kills you, "Your welcome".

Cruz's call sign is Kvothe and he is the 6791st place. Diehl's call sign is Dealio in 7445th place. All three of them are stationed at Moon Based Alpha.

They both said that they would not play if it has a Disrupter in it. It's the most powerful weapon that Sobrukia had that would shutdown all the Human Drones.

The Humans had reverse Engineer an Interstellar Drone Carrier. So they decided to attack the home planet of Sobrukia. All other missions had been defensive, so it was a big deal that it is the first offensive mission. The Humans also made a weapon of planet destruction. Using warheads, they plan to destroy the enemy's underwater lair on their ocean floor.

The plan showed a diagram that "Sobrukai Central was obliterated, and the force of the subsequent thermonuclear explosions rocked the planet so violently that cracks spread across the entire circumference of its icy surface".

The fate of humanity depends on the Icebreaker reaching the target. Zach feels like he is going to war. Hinting at his father's conspiracy theory from before.