---
layout: post
title: Crossing the threshold - Chapter 8
comments: false
---

"The Force will be with you. Always." – Obi-Wan Kenobi

They started to land on what appeared to a farm. It has a large white ranch house, silos, outbuildings, etc. They started to land in the middle of the field, and it split into two massive elevator doors. Then it showed a enormous circular shaft that lead underground.

Zach slowly leaves the shuttle. He then checks his phone to see the time and signal strength. It took 20 mins to get from Oregon to Nasbaka. The phone had no signal.

Ray introduces the place as "Crystal Place". Looking around he sees many people being escorted by multiple EDA agents. Zach is explained that he is not been draft, but told that would be ashamed if it didn't help.

They go though a processing line. They made IDs with his full name, social security number, and the words Elite Recruit Candidate. Shortly after, he receives a small handheld device that looked like a really thick phone. They explain that is called a QComm or Quantum Communicator. It allows him to call anywhere including space. It has faster than public available Internet access, Bluetooth, tricorder, small laster pistol, portable drone-control platform, weirding module, etc. It's a very over power device that appears to do everything. Since he is just a candidate they disable some of the features like the Internet and pistol.

He then talks with Captain Dagh. He is the player above him on the leaderboard. He requested an autograph, and Zach obliged. He explains that he was recruited at 15. When Zach asks this question, Ray explains that Zach's psych profile indicated that he wasn't ready for early recruitment. Basically, all the fights he did prevent him from joining early.

Ray has to depart before the debriefing. He took Zach's jacket and put it in his backpack saying that it's not going to help him in there. Ray fighting on the ground, and Zach's is fighting in the sky. They plan to meet at Starbase Ace if make it.